# project-euler
A place to put some solutions to the Project Euler problems.

## Table Of Contents
* [General Info](#general-info)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Contents](#contents)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Project Status](#project-status)
* [Room for Improvement](#room-for-improvement)
* [Contact](#contact)
 
## General Info
The code, here, is written in the course of working through *Project Euler*.
 
## Technologies Used
The code will be written in Typescript and tested using JestJS.
 
## Contents
###
<details>
<summary>
Multiples of 3 and 5 
</summary>
If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6, and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23.
</details>

Find the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1000.
###
<details>
<summary>
Even Fibonacci Numbers
</summary>
Each term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be:
    1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, ...
</details>
By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed four million, find the sum of the even-valued terms.

###
<details>
<summary>
Largest Prime Factor
</summary>
The prime factors of 13195 are 5, 7, 13 and 29.
</details>
  
What is the largest prime factor of the number 600851475143?

###
<details>
<summary>
Largest Palindrome Product
</summary>
A palindromic number reads the same both ways. The largest palindrome made from the product of two 2-digit numbers is 9009 = 91 x 99.
</details>

Find the largest palindrome made from the product of two 3-digit numbers.
## Setup
No setup necessary for this project.
 
## Usage
The code from the various sections of the project will be largely executed through the testing of the code to ensure that a correct solution has been found.
```
    npm test
```
 
## Project Status
The project will be in an ongoing status until the code for each section is completed and Project Euler has been completed as well.
 
## Room for Improvement
Similarly to the above section of this document, there can be seen a general room for improvement as the greater project associated with this project is a learning project.

## Contact
Feel free to contact me @michaelrjamesjr on twitter.
